hi this is Steven Whitesides with
Greenbrier percussion playing an amazing
Ludwig
classic maple kit this is a USA made
bird's-eye maple finish
it's got great triple flange tubes that
provide a vintage sound it's got medium
thick shells which project they're
fairly tonal we're legacy series kits
are focusing on a lot of lows the thick
three ply Theory these six ply shells
are thinner more resonant more singing
they're gonna play more like 70s rock
sound more like seventies rock now this
is with the Ludwig medium weight stock
head's top and bottom I think the kit
sounds great the way it came in the box
we just ported the bass head tuned it up
a little bit higher than straight out of
the box and here's what it sounds like
I'm gonna play it with nothing but the
condensers on in a second so you can get
more of an idea what it sounds like
without the sm57 and the Audax d6 we're
using that improve it just a little bit
I hope you like the 5 by 14 for how
snappy the snares are how tight the bass
is despite the fact that 24 it's not a
very Bumi 24 it's a very tight but very
low-frequency 24 so it's really punchy
great for a double bass or the setup I
have here is a single pedal but playing
diddles on it's a dream and the TomTom
sizes here are really great because
they're tonal they project
they're very controlled they're not
overly deep like a lot of Ludwig like
Bonham series kits are they sound
amazing but they're so deep it's hard to
articulate on them because the tuning
range and that the heads tend to play
loose and a range where they sound good
you can really crank these articulate on
them and they sound really cool so
anyway I'm gonna play a little more I
hope you like the way this kit sounds
enjoy